[CI:DOCS] Add CNI deprecation notices to documentation (#17162)
containers/podman: cni/README.md

## `cni` ##

> **Note**: CNI will be deprecated from Podman at a future date.  Use of netavark is now advised and is the default

Reviewer: Deprecation means availa and allowed, but not recommended.  I think I'd call it deprecated. now.  Suggest:
```suggestion
**Note**:  As of Podman version 4.4, CNI networks will be deprecated from Podman.  They will be removed in a future release.  Use of netavark is now advised and is the default.
```

Regardless, please add a period to the end.
